OCPBUGS#60854 Adding icr.io to firewall allowlist for IBM CloudPak (#97988)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/configuring-firewall.adoc

|`sso.redhat.com`
|443
|The `https://console.redhat.com` site uses authentication from `sso.redhat.com`

> |`icr.io`

Reviewer: please add both `icr.io` and `cp.icr.io`

|443

> |Provides IBM CloudPak images. This domain is only required if you use IBM CloudPaks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Provides IBM Cloud Pak container images. This domain is only required if you use IBM Cloud Paks.
```

|`sso.redhat.com`
|443
|The `https://console.redhat.com` site uses authentication from `sso.redhat.com`

|`icr.io`
|443

> |Provides IBM Cloud Pak container images. This domain is only required if you use IBM Cloud Paks.

Author: Cloud Pak is an exception

|`cp.icr.io`
|443

> |Provides IBM Cloud Pak container images. This domain is only required if you use IBM Cloud Paks.

Author: Cloud Pak is an exception
